Metadata and config cleanup (#4)
biscuit-auth/biscuit-python: README.md

# Python bindings for biscuit

This library provides python bindings to the [biscuit_auth](https://docs.rs/biscuit-auth/latest/biscuit_auth/) rust library.

> It is `0.x` quality, so you can expect some API changes, even though most of the use cases are covered:

Reviewer: The use of "0.x quality" sounds kind of negative imo (but then again, maybe it's because im not familiar with it?). Anyway, maybe we could reformulate?
```suggestion
As it is a pre-1.0 version, you can expect some API changes. However, most of the use cases are covered:
```
